docs: update cosign v2 verify command with keyless signatures (#1251)
GoogleContainerTools/distroless: README.md

cosign verify --key cosign.pub $IMAGE_NAME
```

> Since cosign v2, keyless signature has been the new default. You can use the following command to verify any distroless image with cosign v2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distroless images are also signed with cosign in keyless mode.  You can verify the keyless signature of any distroless image with:
```
